feat(python): CDK NAG and Lambda Example (#902)
aws-samples/aws-cdk-examples: python/lambda-nag/README.md

# Lambda and NAG
<!--BEGIN STABILITY BANNER-->
---

![Stability: Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-Stable-success.svg?style=for-the-badge)

> **This is a stable example. It should successfully build out of the box**
>
> This example is built on Construct Libraries marked "Stable" and does not have any infrastructure prerequisites to build.
---
<!--END STABILITY BANNER-->

* In order to have a CDK security oriented deployments you must use [CDK NAG](https://github.com/cdklabs/cdk-nag).

> * When you will use CDK-NAG, you probably going to face some security blocks whether you using default CDK behavior, at this example you will learn how you can deal with some scenarios using a IAM role and nag supressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When using CDK-NAG, you are likely to see some security warnings from default CDK behavior. In this example, you will learn how you can deal with a common scenario using an IAM role and nag suppressions.
```
